
The user should be logged in to submit new polling questions, vote, and view the leaderboard.

Once the user logs in, the home page is shown.

Whenever the user types something in the address bar, the user is asked to log in before the requested page is shown.

Application Functionality

The answered and unanswered polls are both available at the root.
The unanswered questions are shown by default.
The user can navigate to the leaderboard.

A polling question links to details of that poll.

The polls in both categories are arranged from the most recently created (top) to the least recently created (bottom).

Are the details of each poll displayed with all of the relevant information?

The details of the poll are available at questions/:question_id.
When a poll is clicked on the home page, the following is shown:
the text “Would You Rather”;
the picture of the user who posted the polling question; and
the two options.
For answered polls, each of the two options contains the following:
the text of the option;
the number of people who voted for that option;
the percentage of people who voted for that option.
The option selected by the logged in user should be clearly marked.

When the user is logged in, the details of the poll are shown.

 If the user is logged out, he/she is asked to log in before before being able to access the poll.

The application asks the user to sign in and shows a 404 page if that poll does not exist. 

(In other words, if a user creates a poll and then the same or another user tries to access that poll by its url,

the user should be asked to sign in and then be shown a 404 page.

Please keep in mind that new polls will not be accessible at their url because of the way the backend is set up in this application.)

Upon voting in a poll, all of the information of the answered poll is displayed.
The user’s response is recorded and is clearly visible on the poll details page.
When the user comes back to the home page, the polling question appears in the “Answered” column.
The voting mechanism works correctly, and the data on the leaderboard changes appropriately.

The form is available at/add.
Upon submitting the form, a new poll is created and the user is taken to the home page.
The new polling question appears in the correct category on the home page.


Each entry on the leaderboard contains the following:
the user’s name;
the user’s picture;
the number of questions the user asked; and
the number of questions the user answered.
Users are ordered in descending order based on the sum of the number of questions they’ve answered and the number of questions they’ve asked.
Is the application navigable?

Does the application interact with the backend correctly?

Each user’s answer and each new poll is correctly recorded on the backend.


Architecture

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS

Does application state update correctly?

Updates are triggered by dispatching action creators to reducers.

Reducers and actions are written properly and correctly return updated state to the store.
